-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 PMPDXv0nDYmIHkIuAg7CCjOpkOPIJA8aKJRFuhVqkdOBz+o8I3pMqIN6t+cN0csJ
 FTKIGkgFTI4YQblm8EYnAg==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000899681-02-000427.txt : 20021122
<SEC-HEADER>0000899681-02-000427.hdr.sgml : 20021122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20021122130244
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000899681-02-000427
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	SC TO-I
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		1
FILED AS OF DATE:		20021122

SUBJECT COMPANY:	

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UBS PW EVENT & EQUITY FUND LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001156202
		IRS NUMBER:				134183286

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC TO-I
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	005-78602
		FILM NUMBER:		02837458

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1285 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2127132000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1285 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

FILED BY:		

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UBS PW EVENT & EQUITY FUND LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001156202
		IRS NUMBER:				134183286

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC TO-I

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1285 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2127132000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1285 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>SC TO-I
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>pwevent-sctoi_111502.txt
<TEXT>

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION|
                              WASHINGTON, DC 20549

                                   SCHEDULE TO
                                 (RULE 14D-100)

            TENDER OFFER STATEMENT UNDER SECTION 14(D)(1) OR 13(E)(1)
                     of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

                       UBS PW Event & Equity Fund, L.L.C.
                                (Name of Issuer)

                       UBS PW Event & Equity Fund, L.L.C.
                      (Name of Person(s) Filing Statement)

                       Limited Liability Company Interests
                         (Title of Class of Securities)

                                       N/A

                      (CUSIP Number of Class of Securities)

                             Mark D. Goldstein, Esq.
                              UBS PaineWebber Inc.
                           1285 Avenue of the Americas
                            New York, New York 10019
                                 (212) 713-2000
       (Name, Address and Telephone Number of Person Authorized to Receive
     Notices and Communications on Behalf of the Person(s) Filing Statement)

                                 With a copy to:
                             Stuart H. Coleman, Esq.
                          Stroock & Stroock & Lavan LLP
                                 180 Maiden Lane
                            New York, New York 10038
                                 (212) 806-5400

                                November 22, 2002
                       (Date Tender Offer First Published,
                       Sent or Given to Security Holders)

                            CALCULATION OF FILING FEE

Transaction Valuation:   $75,000,000 (a)    Amount of Filing Fee:  $6,900 (b)
(a) Calculated as the aggregate maximum purchase price for limited liability
company interests.
(b) Calculated .0092% of the Transaction Valuation.
[ ] Check the box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by
Rule 0-1l(a)(2) and identify the filing with which the offsetting fee was
previously paid. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number,
or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.

Amount Previously Paid:  _________________________
Form or Registration No.:  ________________________
Filing Party:  ___________________________________
Date Filed:  ____________________________________

[ ] Check the box if the filing relates solely to preliminary communications
made before the commencement of a tender offer.

Check the appropriate boxes below to designate any transactions to which the
statement relates:

[  ]  third-party tender offer subject to Rule 14d-1.

[x]  issuer tender offer subject to Rule 13e-4.

[  ]  going-private transaction subject to Rule 13e-3.

[  ]  amendment to Schedule 13D under Rule 13d-2.

Check the following box if the filing is a final amendment reporting the results
of the tender offer: [ ]

                             INTRODUCTORY STATEMENT

This Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO relates to a tender offer by UBS PW
Event & Equity Fund, L.L.C., a closed-end, non-diversified, management
investment company organized as a Delaware limited liability company (the
"Fund"), to purchase limited liability company interests (the "Interests").
Subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase and related Letter
of Transmittal (attached as Exhibit B and Exhibit C, respectively), the Fund
will purchase up to $75,000,000 in Interests that are tendered and not withdrawn
prior to 12:00 midnight, New York Time, on December 23, 2002, subject to any
extensions of the Offer to Purchase. The information set forth in the Offer to
Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal is incorporated herein by reference with
respect to Items 1, 2, 4 through 9 and 11 of this Schedule TO.

ITEM 3.  IDENTITY AND BACKGROUND OF FILING PERSON.

          (a) The name of the filing person is UBS PW Event & Equity Fund,
L.L.C. The Fund's principal executive office is located at 1285 Avenue of the
Americas, New York, New York 10019 and the telephone number is (212) 713-2000.
The adviser of the Fund is PW Fund Advisor, L.L.C. (the "Adviser"). The
principal executive office of the Adviser is located at 1285 Avenue of the
Americas, New York, New York 10019 and the telephone number is (212) 713-2000.
The Fund's Directors are E. Garrett Bewkes, Jr., Meyer Feldberg, George W. Gowen
and M. Cabell Woodward, Jr. Their address is c/o UBS PaineWebber Inc.,
attention: Alternative Investment Group, at 1285 Avenue of the Americas, New
York, New York 10019.

ITEM 10. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

          (b)(1) Reference is made to the following financial statements of the
Fund, which the Fund has prepared and furnished to investors pursuant to Rule
30b1-1 under the 1940 Act and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
pursuant to Rule 30b2-1 under the 1940 Act, and which are incorporated by
reference in their entirety for the purpose of filing this Schedule TO:

          Audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2001,
          previously filed on EDGAR on Form N-30D on March 5, 2002 and
          subsequently mailed to investors; and

          Unaudited financial statements for the six month period ended June 30,
          2002, previously filed on EDGAR on Form N-30D on August 23, 2002.


                    (2) The Fund is not required to and does not file quarterly
unaudited financial statements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. The Fund does not have shares, and consequently does not have earnings
per share information.

                    (3) Not Applicable.

                    (4) The Fund does not have shares, and consequently does not
have book value per share information.

          (c) The Fund's assets will be reduced by the amount of the tendered
Interests. Thus, income relative to assets may be affected by the tender offer.
The Fund does not have shares and consequently does not have earnings or book
value per share information.

ITEM 11. EXHIBITS.

          A.   Cover Letter to Offer to Purchase and Letter of Transmittal.

          B.   Offer to Purchase.

          C.   Form of Letter of Transmittal.

          D.   Form of Notice of Withdrawal of Tender.

          E.   Forms of Letters from the Fund to Investors in connection with
               acceptance of offers of tender.

<PAGE>

                                    SIGNATURE

          After due inquiry and to the best of my knowledge and belief, I
certify that the information set forth in this statement is true, complete and
correct.

                               UBS PW EVENT & EQUITY FUND, L.L.C.

                                 By:    PW Fund Advisor, L.L.C.


                                       By:___________________________
                                            Name: Michael Mascis
                                            Title:  Authorized Signatory

November 22, 2002

<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

EXHIBIT

A         Cover Letter to Offer to Purchase and Letter of Transmittal.

B         Offer to Purchase

C         Form of Letter of Transmittal.

D         Form of Notice of Withdrawal of Tender.

E         Forms of Letters from the Fund to Investors in connection with
          acceptance of offers of tender.

<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT A

           Cover Letter to Offer to Purchase and Letter of Transmittal

<PAGE>

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                IF YOU DO NOT WANT YOUR LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY
             INTERESTS AT THIS TIME, PLEASE DISREGARD THIS NOTICE.
            THIS IS SIMPLY NOTIFICATION OF THIS FUND'S TENDER OFFER.
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

November 22, 2002

Dear UBS PW Event & Equity Fund, L.L.C. Investor:

          We are writing to inform you of important dates related to the tender
offer by UBS PW Event & Equity Fund, L.L.C. (the "Fund"). If you are not
interested in selling your limited liability company interests at this time,
please disregard this notice and take no action.

          The tender offer period will begin on November 22, 2002 and end on
December 23, 2002. The purpose of the tender offer is to provide liquidity to
investors who hold interests in the Fund. Fund interests can be redeemed by
means of a tender offer only during one of the Fund's announced tender offers.

          Should you wish to sell any of your interests during this tender offer
period, please complete and return the enclosed Letter of Transmittal (the last
page will suffice) to PFPC in the enclosed postage-paid envelope. If you do not
wish to sell any of your interests, simply disregard this notice. NO ACTION IS
REQUIRED IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO REDEEM AT THIS TIME.

          All requests to tender Fund interests must be received by the Fund's
Administrator, PFPC, either by mail or by fax (if by fax, please deliver an
original, executed copy promptly thereafter) in good order by December 23, 2002.
IF YOU ELECT TO TENDER, IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO CONFIRM RECEIPT OF THE
LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL WITH PFPC BY CALLING (877) 431-1973.

          If you have any questions, please refer to the attached Offer to
Purchase document, which contains additional important information about the
tender offer, or call your Financial Advisor or Tender Offer Administrator at
our Administrator, (877) 431-1973.

Sincerely,

UBS PW Event & Equity Fund, L.L.C.

<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT B

                                Offer to Purchase

<PAGE>

                       UBS PW EVENT & EQUITY FUND, L.L.C.
                           1285 Avenue of the Americas
                            New York, New York 10019

                  OFFER TO PURCHASE $75,000,000 IN OUTSTANDING
             LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY INTERESTS AT NET ASSET VALUE
                             DATED NOVEMBER 22, 2002

                 THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT
          12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK TIME, ON MONDAY, DECEMBER 23, 2002,
                          UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED

To the Investors of
UBS PW Event & Equity Fund, L.L.C.:

          UBS PW Event & Equity Fund, L.L.C., a closed-end, non-diversified,
management investment company organized as a Delaware limited liability company
(the "Fund"), is offering to purchase for cash on the terms and conditions set
forth in this offer to purchase ("Offer to Purchase") and the related Letter of
Transmittal (which together with the Offer to Purchase constitutes the "Offer")
up to $75,000,000 in interests in the Fund (the "Interests") or portions thereof
pursuant to tenders by investors at a price equal to their estimated net asset
value as of December 31, 2002, if the Offer expires on December 23, 2002. If the
Fund elects to extend the tender period for any reason, for the purpose of
determining the purchase price for tendered Interests, the estimated net asset
value of such Interests will be determined at the close of business on the last
business day of the month in which the tender offer actually expires. (As used
in this Offer, the term "Interest," or "Interests," as the context requires,
shall refer to the interests in the Fund and portions thereof representing
beneficial interests in the Fund.) This Offer is being made to all investors of
the Fund and is not conditioned on any minimum amount of Interests being
tendered, but is subject to certain conditions described below. Interests are
not traded on any established trading market and are subject to strict
restrictions on transferability pursuant to the Fund's Limited Liability Company
Agreement dated as of July 25, 2001 (the "L.L.C. Agreement").

          Investors should realize that the value of the Interests tendered in
this Offer likely will change between October 31, 2002 (the last time estimated
net asset value was calculated) and November 30, 2002 (the next time estimated
net asset value will be calculated) and December 31, 2002, when the value of the
Interests tendered to the Fund will be determined for purposes of calculating
the purchase price of such Interests. Investors should also note that although
the tender offer expires on December 23, 2002, they remain investors in the Fund
until December 31, 2002, when the estimated net asset value of their Interests
is calculated. The Fund determines the estimated net asset value at least
monthly and may determine the estimated net asset value more frequently. Any
tendering investors that wish to obtain the most current estimated net asset
value of their Interests on this basis should contact PFPC, at the telephone
number or address set forth below, Monday through Friday, except holidays,
during normal business hours of 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. (Eastern Time).

Investors desiring to tender all or any portion of their Interest in the Fund in
accordance with the terms of the Offer should complete and sign the attached
Letter of Transmittal (the last page will suffice) and mail or fax it to the
Fund in the manner set forth below.

                                    IMPORTANT

          NEITHER THE FUND NOR THE ADVISER NOR ANY OF THE DIRECTORS MAKES ANY
RECOMMENDATION TO ANY INVESTOR AS TO WHETHER TO TENDER OR REFRAIN FROM TENDERING
INTERESTS. INVESTORS MUST MAKE THEIR OWN DECISIONS WHETHER TO TENDER INTERESTS,
AND, IF SO, THE PORTION OF THEIR INTERESTS TO TENDER.

          BECAUSE EACH INVESTOR'S INVESTMENT DECISION IS A PERSONAL ONE, BASED
ON ITS FINANCIAL CIRCUMSTANCES, NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED TO MAKE ANY
RECOMMENDATION ON BEHALF OF THE FUND AS TO WHETHER INVESTORS SHOULD TENDER
INTERESTS PURSUANT TO THE OFFER. NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED TO GIVE ANY
INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER OTHER
THAN THOSE CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL. IF GIVEN OR MADE,
SUCH RECOMMENDATION AND SUCH INFORMATION AND REPRESENTATIONS MUST NOT BE RELIED
ON AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED BY THE FUND.

          THIS TRANSACTION HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR HAS THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION OR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION PASSED ON THE FAIRNESS OR MERITS
OF SUCH TRANSACTION OR ON THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED
IN THIS DOCUMENT. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS UNLAWFUL.

         Questions and requests for assistance and requests for additional
copies of the Offer may be directed to the Fund's service agent.

                                UBS PW Event & Equity Fund, L.L.C.
                                c/o PFPC
                                P.O. Box 857
                                Claymont, Delaware 19703-9911
                                Phone:       (877) 431-1973
                                Fax:         (302) 793-8201
                                             (302) 793-8202
                                Attention: Tender Offer Administrator

<PAGE>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

1.       Background and Purpose of the Offer..................................5
2.       Offer to Purchase and Price..........................................6
3.       Amount of Tender.....................................................7
4.       Procedure for Tenders................................................7
5.       Withdrawal Rights....................................................8
6.       Purchases and Payment................................................8
7.       Certain Conditions of the Offer.....................................10
8.       Certain Information About the Fund..................................10
9.       Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences.............................11
10.      Miscellaneous.......................................................12
(Financial Statements to be enclosed)

<PAGE>

SUMMARY TERM SHEET

     o    As we said in your Fund's offering documents, we will buy your
          Interests at their estimated net asset value (that is, the estimated
          value of the Fund's assets minus its liabilities, multiplied by the
          proportionate interest in the Fund you desire to sell). This offer
          will remain open until midnight on December 23, 2002. Estimated net
          asset value will be calculated for this purpose on December 31, 2002.

     o    To make sure we have calculated net asset value correctly, we will
          check it during the Fund's audit for calendar year 2002, which we
          expect will be completed in February 2003. If you tender your entire
          interest in the Fund, we will pay you in cash by approximately January
          9, 2003, 95% of our calculation of the estimated net asset value as of
          December 31, 2002. We will owe you the balance, for which we will give
          you a promissory note that will be held for you by the Fund's
          Administrator, PFPC. If you tender part of your interest, leaving a
          remainder at least equal to $50,000 ($25,000 for certain eligible
          investors who are identified in the Fund's Confidential Memorandum),
          we will pay all your proceeds in cash by approximately January 9th. We
          will obtain the cash to pay you, either from cash on hand, selling
          portfolio securities or through borrowings (which we do not intend to
          do).

     o    Following this summary is a formal notice of our offer to purchase
          your Interests. Our offer remains open to you until midnight on
          December 23, 2002. Until this time, you have the right to change your
          mind and withdraw your Interests from consideration for purchase. If
          we do not accept your interests by midnight, December 23, 2002, you
          may still withdraw your Interests at any time after January 23, 2003,
          assuming your offer has not been accepted. Please note that tendering
          your Interests may trigger the payment by you of an incentive
          allocation, if earned, to the Fund's adviser for managing the Fund's
          assets. If you tender less than all your Interests and you have not
          been an investor for twelve complete calendar months, the incentive
          allocation, if earned, will be paid only in respect of the Interests
          you tender.

     o    If you would like us to purchase your Interests, you should mail or
          fax a Letter of Transmittal (the last page of the letter will
          suffice), enclosed with our offer, to PFPC at the address/fax number
          listed on page 2 of this Offer to Purchase, so that it is received
          before midnight, December 23, 2002. If you choose to fax the Letter of
          Transmittal, you should mail the original last page of the Letter of
          Transmittal to PFPC promptly after you fax it (although the original
          page does not have to be received before midnight, December 23, 2002).
          Of course, the value of your Interests is likely to change between
          October 31, 2002 (the last time estimated net asset value was
          calculated) and November 30, 2002 (the next time it will be
          calculated) and December 31, 2002, when the estimated value of your
          investment will be determined for purposes of calculating your
          purchase price. The net asset value of your Interests is determined at
          least monthly and may be determined more frequently.

     o    If you would like to obtain the most current estimated net asset value
          of your Interests, you may contact PFPC, at the phone number or
          address listed above, Monday through Friday, except holidays, during
          normal business hours of 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. (Eastern Time).

     o    Please note that just as you have the right to withdraw your
          Interests, we have the right to cancel, amend or postpone this offer
          at any time before midnight, December 23, 2002. Also realize that
          although the tender offer expires on December 23, 2002, you remain an
          investor in the Fund until December 31, 2002, when the estimated net
          asset value of your Interests is calculated.

     o    IF YOU ELECT TO TENDER, IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO CONFIRM RECEIPT
          OF THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL WITH PFPC. TO ASSURE GOOD DELIVERY,
          PLEASE SEND THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL TO PFPC AND NOT TO YOUR
          FINANCIAL ADVISOR.

          1. BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE OF THE OFFER. The purpose of the Offer is to
provide liquidity to investors who hold Interests as contemplated by and in
accordance with the procedures set forth in the Fund's Confidential Memorandum
dated August 2001, as supplemented (the "Confidential Memorandum") and the
L.L.C. Agreement. The Confidential Memorandum and the L.L.C. Agreement, which
were provided to each investor in advance of subscribing for Interests, provide
that the Directors have the discretion to determine whether the Fund will
purchase Interests from investors from time to time pursuant to written tenders.
The Confidential Memorandum also states that PW Fund Advisor, L.L.C., the
adviser of the Fund (the "Adviser"), expects that generally it will recommend to
the Directors that the Fund repurchase Interests from investors in December 2002
and, thereafter, twice each year near mid-year and year-end. Because there is no
secondary trading market for Interests and transfers of Interests are prohibited
without prior approval of the Fund, the Directors have determined, after
consideration of various matters, including, but not limited to, those set forth
in the Confidential Memorandum, that the Offer is in the best interests of
investors of the Fund to provide liquidity for Interests as contemplated in the
Confidential Memorandum and the L.L.C. Agreement. The Directors intend to
consider the continued desirability of the Fund making an offer to purchase
Interests twice each year, but the Fund is not required to make any such offer.

          The purchase of Interests pursuant to the Offer will have the effect
of decreasing the size of the Fund and increasing the proportionate interest in
the Fund of investors who do not tender Interests. A reduction in the aggregate
assets of the Fund may result in investors who do not tender Interests bearing
higher costs to the extent that certain expenses borne by the Fund are
relatively fixed and may not decrease if assets decline. These effects may be
reduced or eliminated to the extent that additional subscriptions for Interests
are made from time to time.

          Interests that are tendered to the Fund in connection with this Offer
will be retired, although the Fund may issue new Interests from time to time in
transactions not involving any public offering conducted pursuant to Rule 506 of
Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

          2. OFFER TO PURCHASE AND PRICE. The Fund will purchase, upon the terms
and subject to the conditions of the Offer, up to $75,000,000 of those
outstanding Interests that are properly tendered by and not withdrawn (in
accordance with Section 5 below) before 12:00 midnight, New York time, on
Monday, December 23, 2002 (such time and date being hereinafter called the
"Initial Expiration Date"). If the Fund elects to extend the tender period for
any reason, for the purpose of determining the purchase price for tendered
Interests, the estimated net asset value of such Interests will be determined at
the close of business on the last business day of the month in which the tender
offer actually expires. The later of the Initial Expiration Date or the latest
time and date to which the Offer is extended hereinafter is called the
"Expiration Date." The Fund reserves the right to extend, amend or cancel the
Offer as described in Sections 3 and 7 below. The purchase price of an Interest
tendered will be its estimated net asset value as of the close of business on
the last day of the month in which the Expiration Date occurs, payable as set
forth in Section 6. The table below shows the estimated unaudited net asset
value of an Interest corresponding to an initial capital contribution of
$250,000 made as of the dates on which initial investments in the Fund were
accepted:

                                      AUDITED ESTIMATED NET ASSET VALUE AS OF
           MONTH CONTRIBUTION MADE               NOVEMBER 1, 2002

           October 2001                             $238,636
           November 2001                             240,611
           December 2001                             239,248
           January 2002                              238,160
           February 2002                             238,289
           March 2002                                239,473
           April 2002                                237,408
           May 2002                                  237,098
           June 2002                                 237,543
           July 2002                                 243,464
           August 2002                               248,863
           September 2002                            249,654
           October 2002                              249,869

          As of the close of business on November 1, 2002, there were
approximately $159,927,904 outstanding in capital of the Fund held in Interests
(based on the unaudited estimated net asset value of such Interests). The Fund
determines its estimated net asset value at least monthly and may determine its
estimated net asset value more frequently. Investors may obtain the most current
information regarding the estimated net asset value of their Interests by
contacting PFPC Inc. ("PFPC"), at the telephone number or address set forth on
page 2, Monday through Friday, except holidays, during normal business hours of
9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. (Eastern Time). Of course, the value of the Interests
tendered by the investors likely will change between October 31, 2002 (the last
time estimated net asset value was calculated) and November 30, 2002 (the next
time it will be calculated) and December 31, 2002, when the value of the
Interests tendered by investors will be determined for purposes of calculating
the purchase price of such Interests and the time that investors will cease to
be investors in the Fund.

          3. AMOUNT OF TENDER. Subject to the limitations set forth below,
investors may tender their entire Interest or a portion of their Interest.
However, an investor who tenders for repurchase only a portion of such
investor's Interest shall be required to maintain a capital account balance
equal to $50,000 ($25,000 for certain eligible investors who are identified in
the Fund's Confidential Memorandum), net of the amount of the incentive
allocation, if any, that is to be debited from the capital account of the
investor and credited to the capital account of the Adviser on the Expiration
Date (the "Incentive Allocation"). If an investor tenders an amount that would
cause the investor's capital account balance to fall below the required minimum,
the Fund reserves the right to reduce the amount to be purchased from such
investor so that the required minimum balance is maintained. The Offer is being
made to all investors of the Fund and is not conditioned on any minimum amount
of Interests being tendered.

          If the amount of the Interests that are properly tendered pursuant to
the Offer and not withdrawn pursuant to Section 5 below is less than or equal to
$75,000,000 (or such greater amount as the Fund may elect to purchase pursuant
to the Offer), the Fund will, on the terms and subject to the conditions of the
Offer, purchase all of the Interests so tendered unless the Fund elects to
cancel or amend the Offer, or postpone acceptance of tenders made pursuant to
the Offer, as provided in Section 7 below. If more than $75,000,000 in Interests
are duly tendered to the Fund before the expiration of the Offer and not
withdrawn pursuant to Section 5 below, the Fund will, in its sole discretion,
either (a) accept the additional Interests permitted to be accepted pursuant to
Rule 13e-4(f)(1)(ii) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; (b)
extend the Offer, if necessary, and increase the amount of Interests that the
Fund is offering to purchase to an amount it believes sufficient to accommodate
the excess Interests tendered as well as any Interests tendered during the
extended Offer; or (c) accept Interests tendered on or before the Expiration
Date for payment on a pro rata basis based on the aggregate estimated net asset
value of tendered Interests. The Offer may be extended, amended or canceled in
various other circumstances described in Section 7 below. The Adviser does not
intend to tender any Interests in the Offer in excess of its original
contribution.

          4. PROCEDURE FOR TENDERS. Investors wishing to tender Interests
pursuant to the Offer should mail a completed and executed Letter of Transmittal
(the last page will suffice) to PFPC, to the attention of Tender Offer
Administrator, at the address set forth on page 2, or fax a completed and
executed Letter of Transmittal to PFPC, also to the attention of Tender Offer
Administrator, at the fax numbers set forth on page 2. The completed and
executed Letter of Transmittal must be received by PFPC, either by mail or by
fax, no later than the Expiration Date. The Fund recommends that all documents
be submitted to PFPC by certified mail, return receipt requested, or by
facsimile transmission. An investor choosing to fax a Letter of Transmittal to
PFPC must also mail the original completed and executed Letter of Transmittal
(the last page will suffice) to PFPC promptly thereafter. If an investor elects
to tender, it is the tendering investor's responsibility to confirm receipt of
the Letter of Transmittal or other document with PFPC.

          Investors wishing to confirm receipt of a Letter of Transmittal may
contact PFPC at the address and phone number set forth on page 2. The method of
delivery of any documents is at the election and complete risk of the investor
tendering an Interest, including, but not limited to, the failure of PFPC to
receive any Letter of Transmittal or other document. All questions as to the
validity, form, eligibility (including time of receipt) and acceptance of
tenders will be determined by the Fund, in its sole discretion, and such
determination shall be final and binding. The Fund reserves the absolute right
to reject any or all tenders determined by it not to be in appropriate form or
the acceptance of or payment for which would, in the opinion of counsel for the
Fund, be unlawful. The Fund also reserves the absolute right to waive any of the
conditions of the Offer or any defect in any tender with respect to any
particular Interest or any particular investor, and the Fund's interpretation of
the terms and conditions of the Offer will be final and binding. Unless waived,
any defects or irregularities in connection with tenders must be cured within
such time as the Fund shall determine. Tenders will not be deemed to have been
made until the defects or irregularities have been cured or waived. Neither the
Fund nor the Adviser nor Directors of the Fund shall be obligated to give notice
of any defects or irregularities in tenders, nor shall any of them incur any
liability for failure to give such notice.

          5. WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS. Any investor tendering an Interest pursuant to
this Offer may withdraw its tender at any time on or before the Expiration Date
and, if Interests have not then been accepted by the Fund, at any time after
January 23, 2003. To be effective, any notice of withdrawal must be timely
received by PFPC at the address or fax numbers set forth on page 2. A form to
use to give notice of withdrawal is available by calling PFPC at the phone
number indicated on page 2. All questions as to the form and validity (including
time of receipt) of notices of withdrawal will be determined by the Fund, in its
sole discretion, and such determination shall be final and binding. Interests
properly withdrawn shall not thereafter be deemed to be tendered for purposes of
the Offer. However, withdrawn Interests may be tendered prior to the Expiration
Date by following the procedures described in Section 4.

          6. PURCHASES AND PAYMENT. For purposes of the Offer, the Fund will be
deemed to have accepted (and thereby purchased) Interests that are tendered as,
if and when it gives oral or written notice to the tendering investor of its
election to purchase such Interest. As stated in Section 2 above, the purchase
price of an Interest tendered by any investor will be the estimated net asset
value thereof as of the close of business on December 31, 2002, if the Offer
expires on the Initial Expiration Date. If the Fund elects to extend the tender
period for any reason, for the purpose of determining the purchase price for
tendered Interests, the estimated net asset value of such Interests will be
determined at the close of business on the last business day of the month in
which the tender offer actually expires. The estimated net asset value will be
determined after all allocations to capital accounts of the investors required
to be made by the L.L.C. Agreement, including in respect of any Incentive
Allocation, have been made.

          For investors who tender their entire Interest, payment of the
purchase price will consist of: (1) cash in an aggregate amount equal to 95% of
the estimated unaudited net asset value of Interests tendered by the investor
and accepted by the Fund, determined as of December 31, 2002, payable by
approximately January 9, 2003 (the "95% Cash Payment") and (2) a promissory note
(the "Note"), entitling the holder thereof to a contingent payment equal to the
excess, if any, of (a) the net asset value of the Interests tendered by the
investor and accepted by the Fund as of the Expiration Date, determined as of
December 31, 2002, based on the audited financial statements of the Fund for
calendar year 2002, over (b) the 95% Cash Payment. The Note will be held for
each tendering investor by PFPC as set forth below, will be prepared within
approximately ten days after the Fund's estimated net asset value is calculated
and will not be transferable. The Note will be payable in cash (in the manner
set forth below) within approximately ten days after completion of the audit of
the financial statements of the Fund for calendar year 2002, or on such earlier
date as the Fund's Directors may determine. It is anticipated that the audit of
the Fund's financial statements for calendar year 2002 will be completed by no
later than 60 days after the end of the year. Any amounts payable under the Note
will include interest, if any, earned by the Fund on an amount, deposited by the
Fund in a segregated custodial account, equal to 5% of the estimated unaudited
net asset value of Interests tendered by the investor and accepted by the Fund.

          Investors who tender a portion of their Interests (subject to
maintenance of a minimum capital account balance) will receive cash in an
aggregate amount equal to 100% of the estimated unaudited net asset value of
Interests tendered by the investor and accepted by the Fund, determined as of
December 31, 2002, payable by approximately January 9, 2003 (the "100% Cash
Payment").

          Both the 95% Cash Payment and the 100% Cash Payment (together, the
"Cash Payment") will be made by wire transfer directly to the tendering
investor's brokerage account with UBS PaineWebber Inc. ("UBS PaineWebber") if
such investor has a UBS PaineWebber account. Cash Payments wired directly to
brokerage accounts will be subject upon withdrawal from such accounts to any
fees that UBS PaineWebber would customarily assess upon the withdrawal of cash
from such brokerage account. If such investor does not have a UBS PaineWebber
account, the Cash Payment will be sent directly to its mailing address as listed
in the Fund's records, unless such investor advises the Fund in writing of a
change in its mailing address.

          The Note will be held for each investor by the Fund's Administrator,
PFPC. Any contingent payment due pursuant to the Note will be deposited directly
to the tendering investor's brokerage account at UBS PaineWebber if such
investor has a UBS PaineWebber account, and will be subject upon withdrawal from
such account to any fees that UBS PaineWebber would customarily assess upon the
withdrawal of cash from such brokerage account.

          The Fund expects that the purchase price for Interests acquired
pursuant to the Offer to Purchase, which will not exceed $75,000,000 (unless the
Fund elects, in its sole and absolute discretion, to purchase a greater amount),
will be derived from: (1) cash on hand; (2) the proceeds of the sale of and/or
delivery of securities and portfolio assets held by the Fund; and/or (3)
possibly borrowings, as described below. The Fund will segregate, with its
custodian, cash or U.S. government securities or other liquid securities equal
to the value of the amount estimated to be paid under any Notes as described
above. Neither the Fund nor the Adviser nor Directors have determined at this
time to borrow funds to purchase Interests in connection with the Offer to
Purchase. However, depending on the dollar amount of Interests tendered and
prevailing general economic and market conditions, the Fund, in its sole
discretion, may decide to seek to borrow money to fund all or a portion of the
purchase price. No borrowing facilities have been entered into to date.

          7. CERTAIN CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER. The Fund reserves the right, at
any time and from time to time, to extend the period of time during which the
Offer is pending by notifying investors of such extension. If the Fund elects to
extend the tender period for any reason, for the purpose of determining the
purchase price for tendered Interests, the estimated net asset value of such
Interests will be determined at the close of business on the last business day
of the month in which the tender offer actually expires. During any such
extension, all Interests previously tendered and not withdrawn will remain
subject to the Offer. The Fund also reserves the right, at any time and from
time to time, up to and including acceptance of tenders pursuant to the Offer,
to: (a) cancel the Offer in the circumstances set forth in the following
paragraph and in the event of such cancellation, not to purchase or pay for any
Interests tendered pursuant to the Offer; (b) amend the Offer; or (c) postpone
the acceptance of Interests. If the Fund determines to amend the Offer or to
postpone the acceptance of Interests tendered, it will, to the extent necessary,
extend the period of time during which the Offer is open as provided above and
will promptly notify investors.

          The Fund may cancel the Offer, amend the Offer or postpone the
acceptance of tenders made pursuant to the Offer if: (a) the Fund would not be
able to liquidate portfolio securities in a manner that is orderly and
consistent with the Fund's investment objectives and policies in order to
purchase Interests tendered pursuant to the Offer; (b) there is, in the
Directors' judgment, any (i) legal action or proceeding instituted or threatened
challenging the Offer or that otherwise would have a material adverse affect on
the Fund, (ii) declaration of a banking moratorium by Federal or state
authorities or any suspension of payment by banks in the United States or New
York State that is material to the Fund, (iii) limitation imposed by Federal or
state authorities on the extension of credit by lending institutions, (iv)
suspension of trading on any organized exchange or over-the-counter market where
the Fund has a material investment, (v) commencement of war, armed hostilities
or other international or national calamity directly or indirectly involving the
United States that is material to the Fund, (vi) material decrease in the
estimated net asset value of the Fund from the estimated net asset value of the
Fund as of the commencement of the Offer, or (vii) other event or condition that
would have a material adverse effect on the Fund or its investors if Interests
tendered pursuant to the Offer were purchased; or (c) the independent Directors
of the Fund determine that it is not in the best interest of the Fund to
purchase Interests pursuant to the Offer. However, there can be no assurance
that the Fund will exercise its right to extend, amend or cancel the Offer or to
postpone acceptance of tenders pursuant to the Offer.

          8. CERTAIN INFORMATION ABOUT THE FUND. The Fund is registered under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act"), as a
closed-end, non-diversified, management investment company and is organized as a
Delaware limited liability company. The principal executive office of the Fund
is located at 1285 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10019 and the
telephone number is (212) 713-2000. Interests are not traded on any established
trading market and are subject to strict restrictions on transferability
pursuant to the L.L.C. Agreement. The Fund's Directors are E. Garrett Bewkes,
Jr., Meyer Feldberg, George W. Gowen and M. Cabell Woodward, Jr. Their address
is c/o UBS PaineWebber Inc., attention: Alternative Investment Group, at 1285
Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10019.

          The Fund does not have any plans or proposals that relate to or would
result in: (a) the acquisition by any person of additional Interests (other than
the Fund's intention to accept subscriptions for Interests from time to time in
the discretion of the Fund) or the disposition of Interests, other than as
disclosed in the Confidential Memorandum; (b) an extraordinary transaction, such
as a merger, reorganization or liquidation, involving the Fund; (c) any material
change in the present distribution policy or indebtedness or capitalization of
the Fund; (d) any change in the identity of the Adviser or Directors of the
Fund, or in the management of the Fund including, but not limited to, any plans
or proposals to change the number or the term of the Directors of the Fund, to
fill any existing vacancy for a Director of the Fund or to change any material
term of the investment advisory arrangements with the Adviser; (e) a sale or
transfer of a material amount of assets of the Fund (other than as the Directors
determine may be necessary or appropriate to fund any portion of the purchase
price for Interests acquired pursuant to this Offer to Purchase or in connection
with the ordinary portfolio transactions of the Fund); (f) any other material
change in the Fund's structure or business, including any plans or proposals to
make any changes in its fundamental investment policy for which a vote would be
required by Section 13 of the 1940 Act; or (g) any changes in the L.L.C.
Agreement or other actions that may impede the acquisition of control of the
Fund by any person.

          During the past 60 days, the only transactions involving the Interests
that were effected by the Fund, the Adviser of the Fund, the Directors or any
person controlling the Fund or controlling the Adviser or any Directors of the
Fund were the aggregate subscriptions of $8,591,183 in Interests from investors.

          Based on November 1, 2002 estimated values, the Adviser beneficially
owns $966,099 of the Interests. The Adviser is entitled under the terms of the
L.L.C. Agreement to receive, subject to certain limitations, the Incentive
Allocation, as specified in the L.L.C. Agreement and described in the
Confidential Memorandum. If an investor tenders less than all its Interests, the
incentive allocation will be paid only in respect of the Interests the investor
tenders.

          9. CERTAIN FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES. The following discussion
is a general summary of the federal income tax consequences of the purchase of
Interests by the Fund from investors pursuant to the Offer. Investors should
consult their own tax advisers for a complete description of the tax
consequences to them of a purchase of their Interests by the Fund pursuant to
the Offer.

          An investor who tenders its entire Interest (and whose entire interest
is accepted) to the Fund for repurchase generally will recognize capital gain or
loss to the extent of the difference between the proceeds received by such
investor (consisting of the 95% Cash Payment and the principal payment under the
Note) and such investor's adjusted tax basis in its Interest. Gain, if any, will
be recognized by a tendering investor only as and after the total proceeds
received by such investor exceed the investor's adjusted tax basis in its
interest. A loss, if any, may be recognized after the tendering investor has
received payment under the Note. This capital gain or loss will be short-term or
long-term depending upon the investor's holding period for its Interest at the
time the gain or loss is recognized. Recently issued Treasury Regulations
provide that an investor will have a divided (that is, fragmented) holding
period for its interest if the investor makes contributions to the Fund at
different times. Under the Treasury Regulations, each time the investor makes a
contribution to the Fund, the investor will have a new holding period for that
portion of its Interest determined by a fraction, the numerator of which is the
amount of the contribution and the denominator of which is the investor's
capital account immediately after the contribution. Certain cash contributions,
if made within one year of a liquidating distribution, can be netted against the
distribution. If the investor recognizes capital gain or loss in connection with
a complete withdrawal from the Fund, the gain or loss is divided between
long-term and short-term capital gain or loss in the same proportions as the
holding period of the Interest is divided between the portion of the Interest
held for more than one year and the portion of the Interest held for one year or
less. A tendering investor will recognize ordinary income to the extent such
investor's allocable share of the Fund's "unrealized receivables" exceeds the
investor's basis in such unrealized receivables, as determined pursuant to the
Treasury Regulations. For these purposes, accrued but untaxed market discount if
any, on securities held by the Fund will be treated as an unrealized receivable
with respect to the tendering investor. An investor who tenders less than its
entire Interest to the Fund for repurchase will recognize gain (but not loss) in
a similar manner only to the extent that the amount of the proceeds received
(consisting of the 100% Cash Payment) exceeds such investor's adjusted tax basis
in its Interest.

          Pursuant to the authority granted to it under the L.L.C. Agreement,
the Adviser intends to specially allocate items of Fund capital gain, including
short-term capital gain, to a withdrawing investor to the extent its liquidating
distribution would otherwise exceed its adjusted tax basis in its Interest. Such
a special allocation may result in the withdrawing investor recognizing capital
gain, which may include short-term gain, in the investor's last taxable year in
the Fund, thereby potentially reducing the amount of any long-term capital gain
that, absent the special allocation, would otherwise have been recognized during
the tax year in which it receives its liquidating distribution upon withdrawal.

10. MISCELLANEOUS. The Offer is not being made to, nor will tenders be accepted
from, investors in any jurisdiction in which the Offer or its acceptance would
not comply with the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdiction. The Fund
is not aware of any jurisdiction in which the Offer or tenders pursuant thereto
would not be in compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction. However, the Fund
reserves the right to exclude investors from the Offer in any jurisdiction in
which it is asserted that the Offer cannot lawfully be made. The Fund believes
such exclusion is permissible under applicable laws and regulations, provided
the Fund makes a good faith effort to comply with any state law deemed
applicable to the Offer.

          The Fund has filed an Issuer Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which includes certain information
relating to the Offer summarized herein. A free copy of such statement may be
obtained from the Fund by contacting PFPC at the address and phone number set
forth on page 2 or from the Securities and Exchange Commission's internet web
site, http://www.sec.gov. For a fee, a copy may be obtained from the public
reference office of the Securities and Exchange Commission at Judiciary Plaza,
450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, DC 20549.

<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT C

                          Form of Letter of Transmittal

<PAGE>

                              LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

                               REGARDING INTERESTS

                                       IN

                       UBS PW EVENT & EQUITY FUND, L.L.C.

                   TENDERED PURSUANT TO THE OFFER TO PURCHASE
                             DATED NOVEMBER 22, 2002

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE
                     AT, AND THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL MUST BE
                        RECEIVED BY PFPC EITHER BY MAIL OR BY
                      FAX BY 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK TIME, ON
                        MONDAY, DECEMBER 23, 2002, UNLESS THE
                                 OFFER IS EXTENDED.
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

          COMPLETE THE LAST PAGE OF THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND FAX
                OR MAIL IN THE ENCLOSED POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE TO:

                       UBS PW Event & Equity Fund, L.L.C.

                                    c/o PFPC
                                  P.O. Box 857
                             Claymont, DE 19703-9911

                        Attn: Tender Offer Administrator

                             For additional information:
                             Phone:   (877) 431-1973
                             Fax:     (302) 793-8201
                                      (302) 793-8202

                    TO ASSURE GOOD DELIVERY, PLEASE SEND THIS
                    LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL TO PFPC AND NOT TO
                             YOUR FINANCIAL ADVISOR.

       IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO SELL ANY OF YOUR INTERESTS, PLEASE DISREGARD
                          THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL.

<PAGE>

Ladies and Gentlemen:

          The undersigned hereby tenders to UBS PW Event & Equity Fund, L.L.C.,
a closed-end, non-diversified, management investment company organized under the
laws of the State of Delaware (the "Fund"), the limited liability company
interest in the Fund or portion thereof held by the undersigned, described and
specified below, on the terms and conditions set forth in the offer to purchase,
dated November 22, 2002 ("Offer to Purchase"), receipt of which is hereby
acknowledged, and in this Letter of Transmittal (which together constituted the
"Offer"). THE TENDER AND THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL ARE SUBJECT TO ALL THE TERMS
AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THE OFFER TO PURCHASE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, THE ABSOLUTE RIGHT OF THE FUND TO REJECT ANY AND ALL TENDERS DETERMINED BY
IT, IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, NOT TO BE IN THE APPROPRIATE FORM.

          The undersigned hereby sells to the Fund the limited liability company
interest in the Fund or portion thereof tendered hereby pursuant to the Offer.
The undersigned hereby warrants that the undersigned has full authority to sell
the limited liability company interest in the Fund or portion thereof tendered
hereby and that the Fund will acquire good title thereto, free and clear of all
liens, charges, encumbrances, conditional sales agreements or other obligations
relating to the sale thereof, and not subject to any adverse claim, when and to
the extent the same are purchased by it. Upon request, the undersigned will
execute and deliver any additional documents necessary to complete the sale in
accordance with the terms of the Offer.

          The undersigned recognizes that under certain circumstances set forth
in the Offer, the Fund may not be required to purchase any of the limited
liability company interest in the Fund or portions thereof tendered hereby.

          THE UNDERSIGNED ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE METHOD OF DELIVERY OF ANY
DOCUMENTS IS AT THE ELECTION AND THE COMPLETE RISK OF THE UNDERSIGNED,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE FAILURE OF THE FUND'S ADMINISTRATOR, PFPC, TO
RECEIVE ANY LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL OR OTHER DOCUMENT.

          Payment of the cash portion of the purchase price for the limited
liability company interest in the Fund or portion thereof of the undersigned
(the "Cash Payment"), as described in Section 6 of the Offer to Purchase, shall
be sent to the undersigned by wire transfer to the undersigned's brokerage
account at UBS PaineWebber Inc. ("UBS PaineWebber") if such investor has a UBS
PaineWebber account. (The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the
undersigned understands that, for cash payments wired directly to an investor's
brokerage account, upon a withdrawal of such cash payment from such account, UBS
PaineWebber will impose such fees as it would customarily assess upon the
withdrawal of cash from such brokerage account.) If such investor does not have
a UBS PaineWebber account, the Cash Payment will be sent directly to its mailing
address as listed in the Fund's records. A promissory note ("Note") reflecting
the contingent payment portion of the purchase price, if any, as described in
Section 6 of the Offer to Purchase, will be held for such investor by PFPC. (Any
contingent payment due pursuant to the Note will be deposited directly to the
tendering investor's brokerage account at UBS PaineWebber if such investor has a
UBS PaineWebber account, and, upon a withdrawal of such contingent payment from
such account, UBS PaineWebber will impose such fees as it would customarily
assess upon the withdrawal of cash from such brokerage account.) The undersigned
recognizes that the amount of the Cash Payment will be based on the unaudited
estimated net asset value as of December 31, 2002, of the limited liability
company interest or portion thereof tendered, and that the contingent payment
portion of the purchase price, if any, will be determined upon completion of the
audit of the Fund's financial statements for calendar year 2002, which is
anticipated to be completed not later than 60 days after the Fund's fiscal year
end, and will be paid in cash within approximately ten days thereafter, or on
such earlier date as the Fund's Directors may determine.

          All authority herein conferred or agreed to be conferred shall survive
the death or incapacity of the undersigned and the obligation of the undersigned
hereunder shall be binding on the heirs, personal representatives, successors
and assigns of the undersigned. Except as stated in Section 5 of the Offer to
Purchase, this tender is irrevocable.

<PAGE>

                       UBS PW EVENT & EQUITY FUND, L.L.C.

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
IF YOU DO NOT WANT TO SELL YOUR LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY INTEREST AT THIS TIME,
PLEASE DISREGARD THIS NOTICE. THIS IS SIMPLY NOTIFICATION OF THE FUND'S TENDER
OFFER. IF YOU CHOOSE TO TENDER, YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR CONFIRMING THAT PFPC HAS
RECEIVED YOUR DOCUMENTS. TO ASSURE GOOD DELIVERY, PLEASE SEND THIS PAGE TO PFPC
AND NOT TO YOUR FINANCIAL ADVISOR.
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                 ----------------------------------------------
                                 PLEASE FAX OR MAIL (THIS PAGE ONLY) IN THE
                                 ENCLOSED POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE TO:

                                 UBS PW Event & Equity Fund, L.L.C.
                                          c/o PFPC
                                          P.O. Box 857
                                          Claymont, DE  19703-9911
                                          Attn:  Tender Offer Administrator

                                 For additional information:
                                          Phone:     (877) 431-1973
                                          Fax:       (302) 793-8201
                                                     (302) 793-8202
                                 ----------------------------------------------

PART 1. NAME:

Name of Investor:______________________________________________________________

SS# or Taxpayer ID #:_______________________Phone #:___________________________

UBS PaineWebber Brokerage Account # (if applicable):

PART 2. AMOUNT OF FUND INTEREST IN THE FUND TO BE TENDERED:

|_| Entire limited liability company interest.

|_|  Portion of limited liability company interest expressed as a specific
     dollar value. $_____________________ Subject to maintenance of a minimum
     limited liability company interest equal to $50,000 ($25,000 for certain
     eligible investors who are identified in the Fund's Confidential
     Memorandum), net of the Incentive Allocation (the "Required Minimum
     Balance"). THE UNDERSIGNED UNDERSTANDS THAT IF THE UNDERSIGNED TENDERS AN
     AMOUNT THAT WOULD CAUSE THE UNDERSIGNED'S CAPITAL ACCOUNT BALANCE TO FALL
     BELOW THE REQUIRED MINIMUM BALANCE, THE FUND RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REDUCE
     THE AMOUNT TO BE PURCHASED FROM THE UNDERSIGNED SO THAT THE REQUIRED
     MINIMUM BALANCE IS MAINTAINED.

PART 3. SIGNATURE(S):

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

FOR INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS AND JOINT TENANTS:

SIGNATURE:_____________________________________________________________________
          (Signature of Owner(s) Exactly as Appeared on Investor
          Application)/Date

PRINT NAME OF INVESTOR:________________________________________________________

JOINT TENANT SIGNATURE:________________________________________________________
(If joint tenants, BOTH MUST SIGN.) (Signature of Owner(s) Exactly as Appeared
                                     on Investor Application)/Date

PRINT NAME OF JOINT TENANT:____________________________________________________

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

FOR OTHER INVESTORS:

PRINT NAME OF INVESTOR:________________________________________________________

SIGNATURE:_____________________________________________________________________
         (Signature of Owner(s) Exactly as Appeared on Investor
          Application)/Date

PRINT NAME OF SIGNATORY AND TITLE:_____________________________________________

CO-SIGNATORY IF NECESSARY:_____________________________________________________
                         (Signature of Owner(s) Exactly as Appeared on Investor
                          Application)/Date

PRINT NAME AND TITLE OF CO-SIGNATORY:__________________________________________

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT D

                     Form of Notice of Withdrawal of Tender

<PAGE>

                         NOTICE OF WITHDRAWAL OF TENDER

                             Regarding Interests In

                       UBS PW EVENT & EQUITY FUND, L.L.C.

                   Tendered Pursuant to the Offer to Purchase
                             Dated November 22, 2002

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE
                     AT, AND THIS NOTICE OF WITHDRAWAL MUST BE
                       RECEIVED BY PFPC EITHER BY MAIL OR BY
                      FAX BY 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK TIME, ON
                       MONDAY, DECEMBER 23, 2002, UNLESS THE
                                 OFFER IS EXTENDED.
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

             COMPLETE THIS NOTICE OF WITHDRAWAL AND FAX OR MAIL TO:
                       UBS PW Event & Equity Fund, L.L.C.
                                    c/o PFPC
                                  P.O. Box 857
                             Claymont, DE 19703-9911

                        Attn: Tender Offer Administrator

                            For additional information:
                            Phone:     (877) 431-1973
                            Fax:       (302) 793-8201
                                       (302) 793-8202

                    TO ASSURE GOOD DELIVERY, PLEASE SEND THIS
                  NOTICE OF WITHDRAWAL TO PFPC AND NOT TO YOUR
                               FINANCIAL ADVISOR.

<PAGE>

                       UBS PW EVENT & EQUITY FUND, L.L.C.

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                  YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR CONFIRMING THAT THIS
                          NOTICE IS RECEIVED BY PFPC.
                    TO ASSURE GOOD DELIVERY, PLEASE SEND THIS
                              PAGE PFPC AND NOT TO
                             YOUR FINANCIAL ADVISOR.
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ladies and Gentlemen:

          Please withdraw the tender previously submitted by the undersigned in
a Letter of Transmittal.

UBS PaineWebber Brokerage Account # (if applicable):____________________________


- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

FOR INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS AND JOINT TENANTS:

SIGNATURE:_____________________________________________________________________
          (Signature of Owner(s) Exactly as Appeared on Investor
          Application)/Date

PRINT NAME OF INVESTOR:________________________________________________________

JOINT TENANT SIGNATURE:________________________________________________________
(If joint tenants, BOTH MUST SIGN.) (Signature of Owner(s) Exactly as Appeared
                                     on Investor Application)/Date

PRINT NAME OF JOINT TENANT:____________________________________________________

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

FOR OTHER INVESTORS:

PRINT NAME OF INVESTOR:________________________________________________________

SIGNATURE:_____________________________________________________________________
         (Signature of Owner(s) Exactly as Appeared on Investor
          Application)/Date

PRINT NAME OF SIGNATORY AND TITLE:_____________________________________________

CO-SIGNATORY IF NECESSARY:_____________________________________________________
                         (Signature of Owner(s) Exactly as Appeared on Investor
                          Application)/Date

PRINT NAME AND TITLE OF CO-SIGNATORY:__________________________________________

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT E

                         Forms of Letters from the Fund
         to Investors in connection with acceptance of offers of tender

<PAGE>

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          THIS LETTER IS BEING SENT TO YOU IF YOU TENDERED YOUR ENTIRE
                             INTEREST IN THE FUND.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Investor:

UBS PW Event & Equity Fund, L.L.C. (the "Fund") has received and accepted your
tender request. Enclosed is a statement showing the breakdown of your capital
withdrawal and the manner in which it is being distributed, in accordance with
the tender offer.

Since you have tendered your entire investment, you have been paid 95% of the
amount requested, in accordance with the terms of the tender offer. The funds
were wired directly into your UBS PaineWebber brokerage account if you have a
UBS PaineWebber account. If you do not have a UBS PaineWebber account, the funds
were mailed directly in the form of a check to you at your mailing address as
listed in the Fund's records.

The remaining 5% of the amount requested is a contingent portion of the
repurchased interest and is valued based on the unaudited estimated net asset
value of the Fund as of December 31, 2002, and is subject to year-end audit
adjustments which may cause a change in the value of the contingent portion of
the repurchased interest. The contingent portion, together with interest, will
be paid (subject to audit adjustment) within approximately ten days after the
conclusion of the 2002 year-end audit, or on such earlier date as the Fund's
Directors may determine, according to the terms of the tender offer. We expect
the audit to be completed by the end of February 2003.

Should you have any questions, please feel free to contact the Fund's
Administrator, PFPC, at (877) 431-1973.

Sincerely,


UBS PW Event & Equity Fund, L.L.C.

Enclosure

<PAGE>

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          THIS LETTER IS BEING SENT TO YOU IF YOU TENDERED YOUR ENTIRE
                             INTEREST IN THE FUND.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Investor:

UBS PW Event & Equity Fund, L.L.C. (the "Fund") has received and accepted your
tender request. Enclosed is a statement showing the breakdown of your capital
withdrawal.

Since you have tendered a portion of your investment, you have been paid 100% of
the amount requested in cash, in accordance with the terms of the tender offer.
The funds were wired directly into your UBS PaineWebber brokerage account if you
have a UBS PaineWebber account. If you do not have a UBS PaineWebber account,
the funds were mailed directly in the form of a check to you at your mailing
address as listed in the Fund's records. You remain an investor with respect to
the interest that you did not tender.

Should you have any questions, please feel free to contact the Fund's
Administrator, PFPC, at (877) 431-1973.

Sincerely,


UBS PW Event & Equity Fund, L.L.C.

Enclosure


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ender offer.</FONT></P>

<P><FONT SIZE=3>Since you have tendered your entire investment, you have been
paid 95% of the amount requested, in accordance with the terms of the tender
offer. The funds were wired directly into your UBS PaineWebber brokerage account
if you have a UBS PaineWebber account. If you do not have a UBS PaineWebber
account, the funds were mailed directly in the form of a check to you at your
mailing address as listed in the Fund's records.</FONT></P>

<P><FONT SIZE=3>The remaining 5% of the amount requested is a contingent portion of the
repurchased interest and is valued based on the unaudited estimated net asset
value of the Fund as of June 30, 2003, and is subject to year-end audit
adjustments which may cause a change in the value of the contingent portion of
the repurchased interest. The contingent portion, together with interest, will
be paid (subject to audit adjustment) within approximately ten days after the
conclusion of the 2003 year-end audit, or on such earlier date as the Fund's
Directors may determine, according to the terms of the tender offer. We expect
the audit to be completed by the end of February 2004.</FONT></P>

<P><FONT SIZE=3>Should you have any questions, please feel free to contact the
Fund's Administrator, PFPC, at (877) 431-1973.</FONT></P>

<P><FONT SIZE=3>Sincerely,<BR>
<BR>
<BR>
UBS PW Event &amp; Equity Fund, L.L.C.<BR>
<BR>
Enclosure</FONT></P>


<PAGE>

<TABLE WIDTH=100% CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 BORDER=1>
<TR VALIGN=TOP>
<TD WIDTH=100% ALIGN=CENTER><B>This letter is being sent to you if you tendered
a portion of your interest in the Fund.</B></TD>
</TR>
</TABLE>
<BR>

<P><FONT SIZE=3>Dear Investor:</FONT></P>

<P><FONT SIZE=3>UBS PW Event &amp; Equity Fund, L.L.C. (the "Fund") has received
and accepted your tender request. Enclosed is a statement showing the breakdown
of your capital withdrawal.</FONT></P>

<P><FONT SIZE=3>Since you have tendered a portion of your investment, you have
been paid 100% of the amount requested in cash, in accordance with the terms of
the tender offer. The funds were wired directly into your UBS PaineWebber
brokerage account if you have a UBS PaineWebber account. If you do not have a
UBS PaineWebber account, the funds were mailed directly in the form of a check
to you at your mailing address as listed in the Fund's records. You remain an
investor with respect to the interest that you did not tender.</FONT></P>

<P><FONT SIZE=3>Should you have any questions, please feel free to contact the
Fund's Administrator, PFPC, at (877) 431-1973.</FONT></P>

<P><FONT SIZE=3>Sincerely,<BR>
<BR>
<BR>
UBS PW Event &amp; Equity Fund, L.L.C.<BR>
<BR>
<BR>
Enclosure</FONT></P>
</BODY>
</HTML>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
